and about sports today is the fourth day
championship of Russia on boxing among juniors
more than 200 athletes compete for the championship
title in the national team of Kalmykia and three athletes
about the first results of fights
the strongest in the material of Dmitry Ivahnenko
Russia's strongest boxers who
take part in this championship
find out in the ring who is better in his
weight category
they are all young and ambitious
welcome address from the head of the region
Alexei Orlov at the grand opening
read Minister for Youth Affairs
tourism and sports alexander death on like
It was noted for Kalmykia huge
the honor of taking a tour is no such level
Now in the region more than 500 people
doing this sport what
As regards Kalmyk boxing, we see it
today on the rise thanks
a year and a half ago to what has changed
leadership came the young guys
who are sick of this thing which is their
kind of
have already become today's fans of this
things we see a certain rise you well
and the participants themselves on this day closer
met sculptures of the steppe people
Tulip Art Concert gave
the opportunity for them to be distracted from time to time
fights because in these four days someone
already managed to experience how the joy of victory
as the bitterness of defeat boxers
Samara region Michael baker
it is recognized that the fight turned out
not easy got a cut eyebrow
but still he managed to inflict a few
point punches and snatch victory from
rival from Ryazan
cut the brow even harder she got
what the competition was about to take place
on the Olympic system that is
loser drops out not everyone succeeds
show the fighting character correctly and
use your power deliberately not
lucky and a member of the Kalmykia team to
Nehru Ingar lenovo Bogdan and his blister
but today the master of sports will enter the ring
two-time champion yufo chingiz raw raw
we hope that he will meet the expectations
coach and fans
by the way athletes of the steppe republic
makes up a third of the southern team
federal district so as not to lose
mess of big hands held these
competitions to choose the strongest boxers
who will represent our country
at foreign competitions it means
that we are developing a sport that or star
is a guarantor
boxing reserve
that develop sport and boxing in general among
applicants for medals cast of two
new russian subjects republic
Crimea and Sevastopol represents 24
the participant
championship goes through several stages a 9
May, the final fights are held
and determine the winners of their best
weight category will reserve the main
national team of the country dmitry vakhnenko olge
him Alexey Chernov
flour ran out